all right check it out today we've got a
liquid text paint marker review this is
their water-based paint marker we've got
two different sizes and six different
colors to give a range of how these
really work out so this is a smaller
size here it comes with a different
chisel tip which is actually a four
millimeter so up standard size I guess
for some chisel tips I've used in the
past but the larger size comes with the
standard nib 15 millimeters there so
nice big square nib on that so yeah
let's just jump into it with some of the
smaller one first off we'll be doing a
square with the medium magenta
next up we have the phthalo cyan blue
fluorescent orange
and last up to the four millimeter chill
tip markers we have cadmium red
alright so the red and medium magenta
have really held up well they both show
to have the most opacity first off but
the cleanest lines for that matter I
really like the de lo cyan blue this is
a lighter color and allows you to kind
of mix it as if it's a straight-up
acrylic paint so I'll be interested to
use that but um pretty much straight off
the board all of them when I went fast
these first lines they were a little
streaky but as soon as I slowed them
down coverage and doing a film no
problem there with those so I really
like how we do smaller ones work out
let's check out the larger tagging side
this is the cobalt blue cadmium yellow
alright now we're going to take these
larger sizes outside and test them on
some of the Buried surfaces
you
so after working with these markers for
a little while now I've kind of got my
full opinions on them they all worked
really great in this really standard
paper test now coming outside to the
cardboard and everything the bigger
markets they didn't flow fast enough for
me I had to really go slow to try and
get that even coating that you know you
saw on here but that being said it
really wasn't a practical speed for
myself so it's unfortunate for these
larger size didn't flow as well as I
would have liked that being said they
worked well in a really standard like no
background situation but overall you
know that step was something that could
be improved on but these smaller ones I
really like them they float well enough
that I could use them in tag or anything
use them in really any situation I can
see this this size of lying to it's too
bad the larger ones didn't but overall I
mean the smaller four millimeter chisel
tips I got to give those an 8 out of 10
really surprised with the help kind of
how much better they worked compared to
the larger ones and you know that being
said it's something for liquitex maybe
to work on but overall the larger ones
not so great maybe I I thought it was
one of the markers but both of them kind
of held up to that same standard the
nibs works great they I didn't write out
too tough of services but they held up
totally fine so that shouldn't be an
issue but overall you know paint markers
smaller size you know smaller stickers
canvas black footwork but the larger
ones you'd probably have to stick to
canvas on these or something of that
nature because they really didn't flow
well enough to get a clean crisp and
consistent line which is if you have any
suggestions where you actually use the
paint markers let me know how you guys
think they worked out and leave your
feedback down below as well as be sure
to check out liquitex and be sure to
check out the other videos they'll be
linked on screen right now for you to
check out I've done a bunch of
comparisons between the spray paint and
the paint markers as well as my first
impressions with the spray paint a cap
test and all that so be sure to check
those out that's really going to do it
for me guys peace